feat(peering): Peering of executions cross orca DBs (#3430)
spinnaker/orca: orca-peering/README.md

# Orca Peering

This is an semi-experimental approach to solve the problem of having multiple `orca` installations (each with their own database) communicate changes with each other, for instance in a multi-region Spinnaker installation or during a database migration.

The peering mechanism accomplishes a few things:
1. (complete) Peer executions (pipelines and orchestrations) from one database (region) to another database (region)

> 2. (in-progress) Allows for an `orca` operating with one database to perform actions on an execution being executed by an `orca` operating with a different database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (in-progress) Allow for an `orca` instance to perform actions on an execution running on a foreign partition
```

Author: 👍

> 3. (still to come) Take ownership and resume an execution previously operated on by an `orca` with a different database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (still to come) The ability to migrate incomplete executions across partitions
```

Reviewer: Not sure if these are good suggestions due to some terminology confusion. Might help to define Peer, define Partition, and explain how the concepts relate.

Author: good point, doing now!

> # Orca Peering

Reviewer 2: very cool doc IMO 👍

Reviewer 3: Yeah, great overview - 💯

This is an semi-experimental approach to solve the problem of having multiple `orca` installations (each with its own database) communicate changes with each other, for instance in a multi-region Spinnaker installation or during a database migration.

Note: the word *instance* is used to refer to `orca` below but most likely this is actually a cluster of `orca` instances that all talk to the same database
 
**Definitions:**
* `peer`

>     An `orca` instance whose database (can be a read replica) we copy data from. Each `orca` instance has an ID, for example `us-east-1` or `us-west-2`.  

Reviewer 2: the term "instance" is maybe a bit overloaded. In this case, we mean something like "installation", right?

Author: That's why i added the note above... you think it's not enough?

Reviewer 3: Any reason not to just call it a cluster?  In practice, it is essentially a cluster for peering (even if only running a single node).

Author: good point, updated

* It is recommended that only one instance run the `peering` agent/profile. This will likely be improved on in the future but today, cross instance locking is not there

## Operating notes
Consider this reference `peering` profile in `orca.yml`:

```yaml
spring:
  profiles: peering

pollers:
  peering:
    enabled: true
    poolName: foreign
    id: us-west-2
    intervalMs: 5000   # This is the default value
    threadCount: 30    # This is the default value 
    chunkSize: 100     # This is the default value
    clockDriftMs: 5000 # This is the default value

queue:
  redis:
    enabled: false

keiko:
  queue:
    enabled: false

sql:
  enabled: true
  foreignBaseUrl: URL_OF_MYSQL_DB_TO_PEER_FROM:3306
  partitionName: LOCAL_PARTITION_NAME

  connectionPools:
    foreign:
      jdbcUrl: jdbc:mysql://${sql.foreignBaseUrl}/orca?ADD_YOUR_PREFFERED_CONNECTION_STRING_PARAMS_HERE
      user: orca_service
      password: ${sql.passwords.orca_service}
      connectionTimeoutMs: 5000
      validationTimeoutMs: 5000

>       maxPoolSize: ${pollers.peering.clockDriftMs}

Reviewer 2: delicious copy-pasta 
```suggestion
      maxPoolSize: ${pollers.peering.threadCount}
```

|`pollers.peering.numPeered`        | Counter of number of copied executions (should look fairly steady - i.e. mirror the number of active executions) | 
|`pollers.peering.numDeleted`       | Counter of number of deleted executions | 
|`pollers.peering.numStagesDeleted` | Counter of number of stages deleted during copy, purely informational| 
|`pollers.peering.numErrors`        | Counter of errors encountered during execution copying (this should be alerted on) | 

If using the peering feature, it is recommended that you configure alerts for the following metrics:  
* `pollers.peering.numErrors > 0`
* `pollers.peering.numPeered == 0` for some period of time (depends on your steady stage of active executions)
* `pollers.peering.lag > 60` for some period of time (~3 minutes)

### Dynamic properties
The following dynamic properties are exposed and can be controlled at runtime via `DynamicConfigService`.

| Property | Default | Notes |
|----------|---------|-------|
|`pollers.peering.enabled`          | `true` | if set to `false` turns of all peering |

> |`pollers.peering.<PEERID>.enabled` | `true` | if set to `false` turns of all peering for peer with give ID | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`pollers.peering.<PEERID>.enabled` | `true` | if set to `false` turns off all peering for peer with given ID | 
```
